docs: Revise SDK usage and third-party application guidelines (#705)
openfoodfacts/openfoodfacts-nodejs: README.md

When submitting a PR, please use the [angular commit guideline](https://github.com/angular/angular.js/blob/master/DEVELOPERS.md#commits).

## Using this SDK and Third party applications

- If you use this SDK, feel free to open a PR to add your application in the list in REUSERS.md

> - Make sure you comply with LICENSE.md, mentionning the Source of your data, and ensuring to avoid combining non free data you can't release legally as opendata. Another requirement is contributing back any product you add using this SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Make sure you comply with LICENSE.md, mentioning the Source of your data, and ensuring to avoid combining non free data you can't release legally as open data. Another requirement is contributing back any product you add using this SDK.
```
